docs: add pages about Atomic CSS, build time optimisations (#217)
microsoft/griffel: apps/website/docs/react/ahead-of-time-compilation/with-webpack.md

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.(js|jsx)$/,
        exclude: /node_modules/,
        use: {
          loader: '@griffel/webpack-loader',
        },
      },

      // If your project uses TypeScript
      {
        test: /\.(ts|tsx)$/,
        exclude: /node_modules/,
        use: {
          loader: '@griffel/webpack-loader',
          options: {
            babelOptions: {
              presets: ['@babel/preset-typescript'],
            },
          },
        },
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

While the loader itself has a short circuit to avoid processing (invoking Babel transforms) it's better to reduce the scope of processed files. For example, you can enforce a restriction to have `makeStyles()` calls only in `.styles.ts` files:

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.styles.ts$/,
        exclude: /node_modules/,
        use: {
          loader: '@griffel/webpack-loader',
          options: {
            babelOptions: {
              presets: ['@babel/preset-typescript'],
            },
          },
        },
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

## Usage with Next.js

> Next.js allows to [tweak Webpack's config](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/custom-webpack-config) so the same options are applicanle to its config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js lets users [tweak Webpack's config](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/custom-webpack-config) so the same options are applicable to its config.
```
